Add documentation for all current parameters (#35)
pkgjs/action: docs/USAGE.md

# Usage

- `with`
  - [`exclude`](#exclude)
  - [`include`](#include)
  - [`post-checkout-steps`](#post-checkout-steps)
  - [`post-install-steps`](#post-install-steps)
  - [`post-test-steps`](#post-test-steps)
  - [`runs-on`](#runs-on)
  - [`strategy-fail-fast`](#strategy-fail-fast)
  - [`strategy-max-parallel`](#strategy-max-parallel)
  - [`test-command`](#test-command)
  - [`upgrade-policy`](#upgrade-policy)
- `secrets`
  - [`test-secrets`](#test-secrets)

## Parameters (inputs, allowed [via `jobs.<job_id>.with`](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/learn-github-actions/workflow-syntax-for-github-actions#jobsjob_idwith))

### `exclude`

A string with matrix combinations to be skipped as a YAML/JSON array of objects with the following keys: `node-version`, `runs-on`.

See also:

- [Github Actions matrix documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/learn-github-actions/workflow-syntax-for-github-actions#jobsjob_idstrategymatrix)
- [`include`](#include)
- [`runs-on`](#runs-on)

#### Example

```yaml
jobs:
  test:

>     uses: pkgjs/action/.github/workflows/node-test.yaml@main

Reviewer: I think that documenting the `node-test.yaml@main` could hurt us when there will be some breaking changes when this GHA will evolve.

Do you think that cutting the `v1` tag would be better?

Adding this workflow:

https://github.com/fastify/github-action-merge-dependabot/blob/main/.github/workflows/release.yml#L25

to this repository would make it even easier to release

Author: Yes, I will tag `v1` as soon as everything is ready.

I haven't looked into the details of that workflow, but I've seen it exists - will definitely consider it when the time comes.

#### Example

```yaml
jobs:
  test:
    uses: pkgjs/action/.github/workflows/node-test.yaml@main
    with:
      post-test-steps: |
        - name: Coverage Report
          uses: codecov/codecov-action@v2
```

### `runs-on`

Add a comma separated list (or a string with an array in YAML/JSON) of runner labels (operating systems).

See [Github actions documentation for `jobs.<job_id>.runs-on`](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/learn-github-actions/workflow-syntax-for-github-actions#jobsjob_idruns-on) for a list of available values.

#### Examples

```yaml
jobs:
  test:
    uses: pkgjs/action/.github/workflows/node-test.yaml@main
    with:
      runs-on: ubuntu-latest, macos-latest
```

```yaml
jobs:
  test:
    uses: pkgjs/action/.github/workflows/node-test.yaml@main
    with:
      runs-on: '["ubuntu-latest", "macos-latest"]'
```

```yaml
jobs:
  test:
    uses: pkgjs/action/.github/workflows/node-test.yaml@main
    with:
      runs-on: |
        - ubuntu-latest
        - macos-latest
```

### `strategy-fail-fast`

> Set to `true` to cancel the workflow as soon as the first matrix combo fails. Note: ⚠️ default here is different than the Github Actions default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set to `true` to cancel the workflow as soon as the first matrix combo fails.

Note: ⚠️ default here is different than the Github Actions default.
```

| May, 2021 | 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16     | 10, 12, 14, 15, 16 | 10, 12, 14     | In Apr, 2021 v10 reaches EOL and v16 is released                                                                                           |
| Jul, 2021 | 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16     | 10, 12, 14, 16     | 10, 12, 14     | On 1/Jun/2021, v15 reaches EOL and ⚠️ is removed from `lts` policy files (`lts/strict` never has this version included and `all` keeps it) |
| Nov, 2021 | 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17 | 10, 12, 14, 16, 17 | 10, 12, 14, 16 | In Oct, 2021 V16 reaches LTS and v17 should be released                                                                                    |

## Secrets (allowed [via `jobs.<job_id>.secrets`](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/learn-github-actions/workflow-syntax-for-github-actions#jobsjob_idsecrets))

### `test-secrets`

A JSON object with the secret environment variables to be set for the 'Run tests' step. Values will be masked in output.

Note: make sure that your secrets are valid JSON strings (you can escape them by using [`toJSON` expression](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/learn-github-actions/expressions#tojson))

> ⚠️ Important: ⚠️ while care has been taken to mask the secret values in log output (the input JSON as a whole and the individual values), there might exist a chance of leaking them via the publicly available UIs, as there is no official Github Actions support for passing arbitrary environment variables and secrets into re-usable workflows. The implementation of `test-secrets` is, generally, a workaround for the limitation that re-usable workflows do not receive the environment of the calling workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⚠️ Security Warning: ⚠️

While care has been taken to mask the secret values in log output (the input JSON as a whole and the individual values), there might exist a chance of leaking them via the publicly available UIs. 
There is no official Github Actions support for passing arbitrary environment variables and secrets into re-usable workflows. 
The implementation of `test-secrets` is, generally, a workaround for the limitation that re-usable workflows do not receive the environment of the calling workflow.
```
